ethics.md, before:

This question is about the content of Homework 1.
If you have not yet, `git clone` Homework 1 and read its instructions (in README.md).


## (Answer before group discussion) Scoring System Rationale  

What are your housing priority scoring criteria? Why did you choose these weights? How do they reflect the goals of fairness, privacy, simplicity, or rewarding effort? Recall that the categories are:

- Class year (1=Freshman, 2=Sophomore, 3=Junior, 4=Senior)
- Graduation status (True/False)
- Credits earned
- Additional questions - what questions did you choose?

Describe your thought process here before the group discussion.





## (Answer after group discussion) Similarities and Differences

1. Describe how your scoring system is similar to at least one other system. If there are none like yours, explain why.
2. Describe how your scoring system is different from at least one other system. If everyone in your group had the same system, please state that (after checking carefully that there really are no differences).

Commit message:

q1: implimented requirements 1-5, ethics: completed first question

ethics.md, after:

This question is about the content of Homework 1.
If you have not yet, `git clone` Homework 1 and read its instructions (in README.md).


## (Answer before group discussion) Scoring System Rationale  

What are your housing priority scoring criteria? Why did you choose these weights? How do they reflect the goals of fairness, privacy, simplicity, or rewarding effort? Recall that the categories are:

- Class year (1=Freshman, 2=Sophomore, 3=Junior, 4=Senior)
- Graduation status (True/False)
- Credits earned
- Additional questions - what questions did you choose?

Describe your thought process here before the group discussion.

- Whatever your class year is, it is multiplied by 4
- If you're graduating, you get 1 point, while if not, 4
- For the first 25 credits you have, you gain one point, and any credits after, you receive 2 for each
- If someone had a roommate last year and if you were in housing last year

My critea rewards students for being academically strong and on seniority. However, it also prioritizes students who commit to the housing system, as if they relied on housing in the past then they should be responded with equity, as someone who hasn't taken advantage of housing should be in a better place since they have experience figuring off-campus housing out.


## (Answer after group discussion) Similarities and Differences

1. Describe how your scoring system is similar to at least one other system. If there are none like yours, explain why.
2. Describe how your scoring system is different from at least one other system. If everyone in your group had the same system, please state that (after checking carefully that there really are no differences).
